Add Census integration (#1762)
DataDog/integrations-extras: census/README.md

# Agent Check: Census

## Overview

[Census][1] is the leading reverse ETL platform that turns your data warehouse into a hub for marketing and business operations, empowering everyone with trustworthy and actionable data. Sync data from a source of truth like a data warehouse to a system of actions like CRM, advertising platform, or other SaaS app to operationalize data.

Census integrates with Datadog to provide developers with the ability to monitor their Census workflows, giving them the ability to track the number of successful vs failed syncs.  This integration sends [metrics][3] and events to Datadog from Census.

## Requirements

A Census Platform tier (or higher) subscription is required to enable this integration.

## Setup

1. Login to your [Census account][2]
2. Navigate to the Census workspace that you wish to connect to your Datadog account.
3. Go to the workspace settings tab, and click on "Configure" on the Datadog tile.
4. Click on "Connect" to connect to your Datadog account via OAuth2.

> 5. Return to Datadog and access the out-of-box dashboard included with this integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Return to Datadog and open the out-of-the-box Census dashboard.
```

### Validation

> Execute a sync on your Census workspace and await the corresponding metrics and events to emit to your Datadog account. The pre-configured dashboard will pick up these metrics and events. Events and metrics for a sync may take up to a couple of minutes to be transmitted to Datadog after sync completion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute a sync on your Census workspace and await the corresponding metrics and events to emit to your Datadog account. View these metrics and events on the Census dashboard. Events and metrics for a sync may take up to a couple of minutes to be transmitted to Datadog after sync completion.
```

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][3] for a list of metrics provided by this check.

### Service Checks

Census does not include any service checks.

### Events

> This integration sends events to Datadog regarding sync completion events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration sends sync completion events to Datadog.
```

# Agent Check: Census

## Overview

> [Census][1] is the leading reverse ETL platform that turns your data warehouse into a hub for marketing and business operations, empowering everyone with trustworthy and actionable data. Hundreds of companies like Canva, Figma, Loom, and Notion use Census to publish analytics directly into all their applications in real time.
> 
> Monitoring offers critical insights into maintaining and reacting to development processes. Often, developers use a whole suite of tools and products, each monitored independently. To ease the monitoring process, Census integrates with Datadog to provide developers the ability to monitor their Census workflows, along with their internal monitoring, all within Datadog. The integration comes with a pre-configured dashboard, providing a birds-eye view of your Census syncs.
> 
> The Census integration emits [metrics][3] and events regarding syncs setup within Census.

Reviewer 2: Thanks for following that outline I provided! Adding some copy edits:

```suggestion
[Census][1] is the leading reverse ETL platform that turns your data warehouse into a hub for marketing and business operations, empowering everyone with trustworthy and actionable data. Sync data from a source of truth like a data warehouse to a system of actions like CRM, advertising platform, or other SaaS app to operationalize data.

Census integrates with Datadog to provide developers with the ability to monitor their Census workflows, giving them the ability to track the number of successful vs failed syncs.  This integration sends [metrics][3] and events to Datadog from Census.
```

# Agent Check: Census

## Overview

> Monitoring offers critical insights into maintaining and reacting to development processes. Often, developers use a whole suite of tools and products, each monitored independently. To ease the monitoring process, Census integrates with Datadog to provide developers the ability to monitor their Census workflows, along with their internal monitoring, all within Datadog.

Reviewer 2: Could you follow the outline below for your overview description

1. Describe Census in one to two sentences
2. How can customers take advantage of this integration? What benefit will this bring them?
3. What type of data is sent in/pulled out?

The Census integration emits sync metrics and events to Datadog, which are embedded into a pre-configured dashboard. Further alerts and incident management can be configured to sit atop the dashboard.

## Requirements

A Census Platform tier (or higher) subscription is required to enable this integration.

## Setup

> The Census integration comes with a pre-configured dashboard, which allows an overview of the syncs running on your Census workspace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This should be included in your overview section.

> Setup with the following steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 1. Login to your Census account

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Login to your [Census account][5]
```

2. Navigate to the Census workspace that you wish to connect to your Datadog account.
3. Go to the workspace settings tab, and click on "Configure" on the Datadog tile.
4. Click on "Connect" to connect to your Datadog account via OAuth2.

> 5. Return to Datadog and enable the Census integration from the integration tile. This will import the pre-configured dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Return to Datadog and access the out-of-the-box dashboard included with this integration.
```

### Validation

Execute a sync on your Census workspace and await the corresponding metrics and events to emit to your Datadog account. The pre-configured dashboard will pick up these metrics and events. Events and metrics for a sync may take up to a couple of minutes to be transmitted to Datadog after sync completion.

## Data Collected

### Metrics

See [metadata.csv][3] for a list of metrics provided by this check.

### Service Checks

Census does not include any service checks.

### Events

This integration sends events to Datadog regarding sync completion events.

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Contact [Datadog support][3].

> [1]: **LINK_TO_INTEGRATION_SITE**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[1]: https://www.getcensus.com/
```

[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent
[3]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/census/metadata.csv

> [4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/
[5]: https://app.getcensus.com/
```
